mystery shopper

A well-known cosmetic company wants to evaluate the performance of her
saleladies, who station at the company's counters at various department stores
in different geographical locations. For this purpose, the company has hired
some secret agents to disguise as shoppers to visit the salesladies. The visits
must be scheduled in such a way that each saleslady must be visited by shoppers
of different varieties and that the visits should be spaced out roughly evenly.
Also, shoppers should visit salesladies in different geographic locations. The
exact constraints, which ensure the statistical soundness of the project,
follow.  1. There are totally 19 outlets to be visited. They are located in 4
geographical regions: 5 outlets in Area 1 (outlet 1-5), 5 outlets in Area 2
(outlet 6-10), 5 outlets in Area 3 (outlet 11-15), and 4 outlets in Area 4
(outlet 16-19).

2. There will be 1 to 4 salesladies in each outlet. Each saleslady will be
visited by 4 different shoppers. The frequency of visits to a particular outlet
will be the number of salesladies times 4. There are totally 35 salesladies
working in all outlets everyday. Therefore, the total number of visits is 140.

3. The shoppers are divided into 4 groups according to age, professions, and
etc. Each group has 10 shoppers. Therefore, the total number of shoppers is 40.
Therefore, in each group of shoppers, 5 shoppers will perform 3 visits and the
other 5 shoppers will perform 4 visits.

4. Each shopper should only visit 1 outlet in each of the 4 areas.

5. All salesladies should be visited 2 times in the first 2 weeks of fieldwork.

6. The total fieldwork period will be 4 weeks. Theoretically, each shopper has
to pay 1 visit each week. However, shoppers making 4 visits must have done 2
visits by the end of the second week. Shoppers making 3 visits should have done
1 or 2 visits by the end of the second week. The data of the first 50% visits
will be analysed and put in an interim report.

